right now it's time for one of our most
beloved probably our most anticipated
tradition on the show my annual
Halloween candy youtube challenge for
the each of the past four years I've
asked parents to pretend they ate all
their kids Halloween candy and then post
video of the reaction to YouTube we
never seem to run out of participants
for this every year I think kids are
gonna know they watch these videos or
maybe they'll be too old to fall for it
every year there's a whole new crop I
will be able to do this as long for as
long as people continue to have sex so
we got a record number of videos this
year well over a thousand it was a
mammoth undertaking to go through all of
them but we did we narrowed it down to
what we felt were the best of the best
and it's time now for a holiday treat is
hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my kids I ate
all their Halloween candy last night you
guys
[Music]
my candy is gone
where'd it go mom and dad ate it I ate
it I ate it all he ate all your candy I
eat it I'm sorry you're next year next
year you can get more time daddy and I
ate old again
[Music]
[Applause]
did you pee out the chocolate things yes
I didn't want to wait did you a pencil
page I hate all of it daddy
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
really upset with me
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm so sorry forgive me I'm glad you're
smiling because you think it's funny but
he's seriously ate every bit of your
Halloween candy mommy all your candy
Ilia Halloween candy
where you going
it's alright yeah so you're not mad at
mommy or anything oh oh
I love you last night after you went to
sleep we ate all your Halloween candy
[Laughter]
I got really really hungry and I ate all
your Halloween candy while you were at
school wow we mean how I ate it
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
if you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel and if
not do nothing at all
[Music]